---
layout: posts
title: Movement 
root: ../../../
---

Although the tag line for this site is 'Born in Belfast; working in London', it should now really read 'Born in Belfast; worked in London; back in Belfast'. In the last month I have moved back to Belfast. It's just a temporary measure though, so back to the job in London around April.

So this means I've suddenly got a lot more free time. Most of it has been taken up with handyman tasks that have been a refreshing change of pace, but I've also been able to tinker away with some small projects.

One such project is [Hubblog](http://hubblog-app.com) (site still in development...). It is an Android app with the aim to make it easy and quick to write articles in markdown or plaintext and post them to a [Jekyll-based](http://jekyllrb.com/) blog, like this one! As this blog is hosted using the fantastic [GitHub-Pages](http://pages.github.com/), currently Hubblog only connects to that service for posting and editing articles.

Aside from the actual use of the Hubblog app, there were two main motivations to creating it:

1. I've had no previous experience with making Anroid apps, aside from a quick day or two messing around, so I was keen to make a non-trivial app that followed good code and design patterns. 
2. I needed encouragment to write more (it's a skill I'm trying to develop..so bloggin seems to be the best way) and by creating an app I suddenly have something interesting to write about!

Hopefully, future posts will be written from the app!
